datena rock access the first link of the
description and meet the president saw
four had many injuries until
its final version was almost seven years
many goals during the game's production
this period a development
complicated so much was that it was to have been
launched in 2001 and not in 2005 as already
promised here on the channel and then
thousands of requests resident evil 4 beta
if you are a nobleman and like to live
evil 4 already leaves Haiti down here and
Come on, Rúa, you 're the 7
skin or the frozen synthetum according to the producer
of the game resident evil 4 would have passed
many versions until you reach your
final version and each one a man
characteristic of the first beta
has no information revealed
so it's hard to say anything
on here
already the second beta of a prototype that
completely escape the model of the series but
even so it was not considered bad
and can be used yet
carried forward and resulted in a
totally different franchise devil may
cry smoked the poison that same as you
Heard Micron and has only one
curiosity of both games have a lot of
information on the internet about
the production steps of devil may cry
the third beta is known as
cause of a mist a black mist and
because of the progeny virus a first
promotional video shows lion struggling
against a creature that looked more like a
black mist a black smoke and some
things said narration of this video and that
narration is a bitch who gave birth
ah I say put the voice of senator leaves
everything scarier said evan I got up
Canada and talk about the creation of
parent virus that the lion would be
infected by him and getting himself possessed
The door open for me is what it calls
attention forgets how resident evil is 4
Do you know that you forget the way you
it is completely different even because
he would pass after ex veronica code
speculated that it would be up to a
resident evil gaiden of game
boy color that few people know
including me I had only heard of
I think once and I never even knew
I played in this version the lion still suffers
more hallucinations exactly these
hallucinations that would create their
enemies in the game apparently it is
in spencer mansion that does not really give
to know right where he is
spend I think it would be in the mansion
spencer but I'm not sure maybe
be a castle any light and he is
in search of his cure this version she has
a ghostly air and one of the
enemies even though you would face was
a ghostly figure with a hook
that was to chase during the game
I'm going to speak a vehicle now in case I
watching this video I thought the
This ghost moves have hook it
It reminds me a lot of the salvador doctor.
its there
besides this enemy also the game of a
satanic doll with blades that attacked
armor that came to life that also
are resident evil 4 in the final version
that we know and when the enemies
they were chasing in that game
I was crazy Cassio already having highs
hallucinations or aspiration was
chasing the game stay in a half tone
bluish
already to close even of fear of
ghost
finally in this gameplay did not even show the
life or the ammunition of the lion on the
when I was already half out of the way
But take animal appeared shitload
box on the side flashing when it was
child I spoke caution carlton well
gil the villain the lion in some situations
he would begin to be afraid and begin to
shake car feed losing control
of your movements as I have already said
thousands of times in this video is alright
spooky even in this fourth version
For me it's coolest of all I looked
I found it really cool these things from
game but of course all this
supernatural would be because of
hallucinations of the lion that is there locascio
because of the game virus still had
one more version before leaving the version
final with some changes
ashley right tasty china CAAC it is
to gather and surprise your wife is
boring too because it's very annoying when
The most boring people in the games I
enjoy and make a jaba that has a
video on the channel about the most
annoying games you take a look
there is also the rain that list then
it takes a look there that at last after the
video is chic, do not wear that skirt there
Did you used to when I was under
Ladder was up there you used to
Look at him, he thought you looked
to be embarrassed
in this demo version she had a
slightly more behaved pants
and a coat and scarf pros in full
do not go crazy wanting to look high
boss leave her acted valentine
would be in the game and would help the lion
sometimes and that dress reminds her
much of the way out maybe if it had caught
this dwe beta effect I still do not know
would give to use silencer in the network
Win the tn pk Machine Gun game no
would that merchant
You know who is speaking the hero there
John
welthon first time aboard the government
resident evil 4 I took a fright I found
that it was an enemy that very voice
crazy of him hurts nakashima sidrolândia
the lion could talk to that hottie
here the ingrid hennemann that seems
plus the country judith ons the cargo help
judith is that you again I'm your bitch
hunting you the seven women that I am
indication of the fuck the game would have only
three chapters would be a little longer
short or maybe chapters will be long
16 the lion would have a secret diary of the
key b that has several revelations about
the umbrella virus written by her
same game also had some other
changes that do not
I think they are so interesting to
say in the video but the main
changes in the game are these I would like
much to play that beta version that is
I think it's really cool.
with the plot very nice but I have
fear is to start shaking the mind
that even the lion can not do everything
if you also like hell to
resident evil 4 as I leave the
video link and add favorites
that you greatly help the channel your
evaluation is very important you too
You can share this video on facebook
on twitter and show to your
friends who like resident evil 4
and if you're new here on the channel see
other videos have many videos about
betas versions games have several things
curiosities and such subscribe to the channel
do not miss any future videos
after it's over if you can follow me
in social networks there is easier to
people talk and exchange ideas is also
They mean now, is this or is it
here, even in a moment